Document differences between `get` and `select` (#2069)
nushell/nushell.github.io: lang-guide/chapters/filters/select-get.md

---
# Understanding the difference between `get` and `select`

`get` extracts the value and returns a single value or array if multiple keys have been specified.
```nu
~> {a: 1, b: 2, c: 3} | get b
2
~> {a: 1, b: 2, c: 3} | get b c
╭───┬───╮
│ 0 │ 2 │
│ 1 │ 3 │
╰───┴───╯
```

> `select` returns a record without the other values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`select` maintains the nushell values and returns the records selected by column name or key.
```
